```ad-header
title: Session 2
collapse: none
```
The session should begin with a bit of roleplaying. Let the players settle into their characters. To help prod them along the console should begin making noises. A DN 0 Tech test will fix the problem, but not before flashing a symbol across the screen (See handwritten notes for [[Maliax|Oriax]]). It will be mixed in with a bunch of the gibberish flashing across the screen, but ut will repeat often enough that any characterthat succeeds at a DN 3 Awareness test will realize there is a repeating symbol, but won't be able to make it out. If one of the characters is of the Inquisition, then they can make a DN 5 Scholar Test. Success means they identify it as one of the Thousand Sons legion of Traitor Astartes. Only if the get 2 exalted icons with the get the name, [[Maliax|Oriax]]. 
After about 3 days a ship enters orbit. An Inquisitoral Cruiser. It proceeds to open fire on most of the pods, sparing only a few. The characters are brought on board and are greeted by blessed and warded weapon servitors. They are taken to a quarantine cell. the cell itself is covered in runes designed to sever all link to the warp. They have access to basic sanitary facilities, and water. The water in these systems are blessed. Any character suffering corruption will take 1 ~~wound per corruption point. This damage, no matter how much taken, cannot kill the character.~~ ==Perhaps change it to shock instead of a wound, and it can't be removed without a blessing. Shock is reduced by 1 for each point of corruption.==

This will trigger several sisters of silence, accompanied by gun servitors to remove the character for testing and cleansing. This takes 2 hours per corruption point. It requires no input on the corrupted character. Once cleansed the character is returned to the part.

A few hours later the characters meet the Inquisitor's Interogator, [Algernon Blackwood] [^1]. After he introduces himself, and verifies their names , he starts asking questions about their travel, their points of origin, final destination, purpose, occupations, etc. If any of the characters identify themselves as Inquisitorial agents (Acolyte or Adept) he asks who their patron is. Since they have none he presses them into his service. Finally, he begins to ask about their experiences aboard the ship. If they encountered the Chaos Marine, they are pressed further for any identifying information. If it is [[Maliax|Oriax]] himself he ends the questioning and leaves, ~~instructing his staff to give the characters rooms and acquaint them with the rules of the ship.~~ The characters room are small, and spartan, more akin to cells than anything else.




[^1]: Algernon Blackwood is a former Imperial Commissar. While taking down andy responses from the players characters he uses his auto-quill. If questioned he explains that electronic data can be manipulated and changed, demonstrating with a nearby dataslate. Once all testimony is taken from the players, he pricks each of their fingers ad uses a blood fingerprint next to their written names on the parchment. Once each of the players are done, he does the same for himself.